Tw 428 bitbucket pipelines (#3993)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/integrations/available-integrations/ci-integrations/bitbucket-pipelines.md

---
title: "Bitbucket Pipelines"
page_id: "bitbucket-pipelines"
updated: 2022-04-08
warning: false
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Prerequisites"
  - type: link
    name: "CI Integrations"
    url: "/docs/integrations/ci-integrations/"
---

[Bitbucket Pipelines](https://bitbucket.org/product/features/pipelines) is a continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) service that's integrated with Bitbucket Cloud. Software development teams can use Bitbucket Pipelines to automatically build, test, and deploy code in Bitbucket.

To set up a Bitbucket Pipelines integration for your API, first create a pipeline in Bitbucket and then configure your API in Postman. After you set up the integration, you can view the status of builds or start a new build, all from within Postman.

> > If your Bitbucket pipeline is configured to run API tests using [Newman](/docs/running-collections/using-newman-cli/command-line-integration-with-newman/), you can [configure the Postman cloud reporter](#configuring-newman-for-bitbucket-pipelines) to send collection run information back to Postman.

Reviewer: Do we need a separate section for this?

Author: @shashankawasthi88 We have the section "Creating a pipeline in Bitbucket" right below this, starting on line 20 🙂

## Viewing build status

After you set up a Bitbucket Pipelines integration, information for build jobs is available in Postman. For each build you can view the branch, start time, duration, and status (successful or failed). You can also view the results of collection runs that are [configured in your pipeline using Newman](#viewing-collection-run-details).

To view build jobs, open an API version and select the **Test** tab. The most recent jobs are listed under **CI/CD Builds**.

Select **View All Builds** to view the full list of build jobs. From here you can take the following actions:

* Use the dropdown lists to filter jobs by branch or build status.
* To view a build in Bitbucket Pipelines, hover over a build and select **View build details**.
* To start a new build, select **Run Build**. Enter the name of the branch to use and select **Run Build**. To cancel a running build, select **Cancel** next to the build.
* To get the latest build status information, select <img alt="Refresh icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-refresh-v9-5.jpg#icon" width="14px"> **Refresh**.

> * To edit or delete the integration, select the more actions icon <img alt="More actions icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-three-dots-v9.jpg#icon" width="18px">.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To edit or delete the integration, select the more actions icon <img alt="More actions icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-more-actions-v9.jpg#icon" width="16px">.
```

Updating to the new icon! (Which is the same old icon, just with a ✨  new name ✨ )
